README.md, before:

# Microsoft-Defender-RTP-stop
### _Windows Task to disable Microsoft Defender Real-time protection automatically and survive restart, updates, scans, etc._

Configuration details from the _Microsoft-Windows-Windows Defender/Operational_ log:

_Endpoint Protection client health report (time in UTC):
 	Platform version: 4.18.2209.7
 	Engine version: 1.1.19700.3
 	Network Realtime Inspection engine version: 0.0.0.0
 	Antivirus security intelligence version: 1.377.375.0
 	Antispyware security intelligence version: 1.377.375.0
 	Network Realtime Inspection security intelligence version: 0.0.0.0
    RTP state: Disabled
 	OA state: Disabled
 	IOAV state: Disabled
 	BM state: Disabled
 	Antivirus security intelligence age: 0
 	Antispyware security intelligence age: 0
 	Last quick scan age: 0
 	Last full scan age: 4294967295
 	Antivirus security intelligence creation time: 17/10/2022 08:19:25
 	Antispyware security intelligence creation time: 17/10/2022 08:19:25
 	Last quick scan start time: 17/10/2022 08:33:09
 	Last quick scan end time: 17/10/2022 08:33:28
 	Last quick scan source: 1
 	Last full scan start time: 01/01/1601 00:00:00
 	Last full scan end time: 01/01/1601 00:00:00
 	Last full scan source: 0
 	Product status: 0x00080000_

Commit message:

Usage guide and benefits added

README.md, after:

# Microsoft-Defender-RTP-stop

### Usage guide
- Make sure you disable tamper protection first in: Windows Security → Virus and threat protection → Virus and threat protection settings (otherwise the task won't work: tamper protection blocks apps from changing real-time protection settings, including powershell)
- Manually disable real-time protection from Windows Security (this should be the last time you need to do it)
- Import the task and make sure to change the user account: change user or Group... → Advanced → Find Now → 'pick your username' → OK

### Benefits from this approach compared to alternatives
- Only uses official Windows features and components (i.e. Task Scheduler and Powershell)
- Very low on resources
- Extreme low chances of breaking anything since there is no hack involved (permission bypass, regedit modifications, etc.)
- Very easy to uninstall / pause temporarily: just disable or delete the task
- Should still after major Windows updates, except if Microsoft changes things significantly
